.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/translation.md, before:

# Overview Translation Pull Request

Check all that apply (X or x between square brackets)

- [ ] I am a native or fluent speaker of the language translated *to*
- [ ] I have performed this translation myself
- [ ] This translation was performed using automated tools (please indicate method)
- [x] Example Checked item

## Translation Method

*Please replace this text* with the tools and/or methods, AI tools, or similar used to perform the
translations for this submission.

## Description

*Please replace this text* with a brief, yet useful rundown on what this pull requests is all about.

## Related Issues

*Please replace this text* with specific issues addressed by this submission (see Issue Linking below).

## Attribution

*Please replace this text* if you had collaborators working with you on this pull request. Please follow
the accepted best practice for attributing co-contributors here (or remove this block completely if you
are the only one submitting this work)

_________________

## Useful Links - Please Remove

*Please remove this entire Useful Links section prior to submission*.

Thanks!

Switch to GitHub Preview for clickable links…

### Issues

For pull requests which relate to or close an issue, please include them below.
Please review [Github's guidance on linking issues to pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue).

For example having the text: "closes #1234" without quotes, would connect the current pull
request to issue 1234.  And when we merge the pull request, Github will automatically close the issue.

### Collaboration Attribution

For Pull Requests that are the work of multiple collaborators, please follow the accepted
method for including references to co-contributors, though note that according to this accepted
standard, there is a still a primary author.

Please review [GitHub Co-Author Attribution](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/committing-changes-to-your-project/creating-and-editing-commits/creating-a-commit-with-multiple-authors)

Commit message:

fix: update agilefv pull request templates
Signed-off-by: DanHugoDanHugo <dhugo@reallycool.com>

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/translation.md, after:

# Overview Translation Pull Request

Check all that apply (X or x between square brackets)

- [ ] I am a native or fluent speaker of the language translated *to*
- [ ] I have performed this translation myself
- [ ] This translation was performed using automated tools (please indicate method below)
- [ ] This submission complies with the statements found at <https://developercertificate.org/>
- [ ] I have signed off on my commit(s)
- [x] Example Checked item

## Translation Method

*Please replace this text* with the tools and/or methods, AI tools, or similar used to perform the
translations for this submission.

## Description

*Please replace this text* with a brief, yet useful rundown on what this pull requests is all about.

## Related Issues

*Please replace this text* with specific issues addressed by this submission (see Issue Linking below).

## Attribution

*Please replace this text* if you had collaborators working with you on this pull request. Please follow
the accepted best practice for attributing co-contributors here (or remove this block completely if you
are the only one submitting this work)

_________________

## Useful Links - Please Remove

*Please remove this entire Useful Links section prior to submission*.

Thanks!

Switch to GitHub Preview for clickable links…

### Issues

For pull requests which relate to or close an issue, please include them below.
Please review [Github's guidance on linking issues to pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue).

For example having the text: "closes #1234" without quotes, would connect the current pull
request to issue 1234.  And when we merge the pull request, Github will automatically close the issue.

### Collaboration Attribution

For Pull Requests that are the work of multiple collaborators, please follow the accepted
method for including references to co-contributors, though note that according to this accepted
standard, there is a still a primary author.

Please review [GitHub Co-Author Attribution](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/committing-changes-to-your-project/creating-and-editing-commits/creating-a-commit-with-multiple-authors)

### Git Signoff

Please visit the Git documentation for Git Commit regarding the --signoff option
[Git-Scm: Commit signoff option](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---signoff)

If you are using an editor such as VS Code, use a *Commit (Signed Off)* option, for example, to accomplish this using your tools.
